Improve scrolling performance of the channel list (#1501)
GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui: CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for enhanced mention suggestions [#1497](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1497)
- Add `PollsConfig.maxQuestionLength` and `PollsConfig.maxOptionLength` to limit the character count of poll questions and options [#1500](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1500)

### 🔄 Changed

> - Improve channel list scrolling performance [#1501](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1501)

Reviewer: Usually, for performance fixes, we have this section:
```suggestion
### ⚡️ Performance
- Improve channel avatar loading performance in the channel list [#1501](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swiftui/pull/1501)
```
Also, good to be more specific with the changelog, otherwise we will have a lot of "Channel list performance fix" in multiple changelogs, which will look the same.

"**Changed**" section should be used for breaking or behaviour changes.

Author: makes sense, updated
